.\" Manpage for nord.
.TH man 1 "09 Feb 2020" "0.1" "nord man page"

.SH NAME
nord \- a NordVPN command line application

.SH SYNOPSIS
nord [options] [command [arguments]]

.SH DESCRIPTION
nord is a free command line application for NordVPN written in Bash and a tiny bit in C++.

.SH COMMANDS
.IP login
Log in to the application. The username and password is saved in plaintext,
used for authenticating via network manager.

.IP connect
Connect to a NordVPN server. When a suitable server is chosen, stats are
taken directly from the nordvpn.com API. Then the lowest-load servers are
filtered, and a subset of the lowest-load servers are pinged. Of the
fastest servers, the fastest is chosen. A hole is made in the kill switch
firewall (if on) , and then the chosen server is connected to.

.IP disconnect
Disconnect from the server currently connected to. Mend the corresponding
firewall hole, if kill switch is on.

.IP reconnect
Disconnect, then immediately connect again. Takes same arguments as
.B connect
does.

.IP "set conf {on|off|other}"
Switch config item
.B conf
on
or
.B off.
The following config items are available:
.RS 12
.B killswitch obfuscated autoconnect country
.RE
As well as
.B protocol
which accepts
.B udp
or
.B tcp.

.IP login
Log in in order to connect to a vpn.

.IP update
Downloads the latest .ovpn files. This will overwrite the old. This is
needed when NordVPN has released new servers.


.SH OPTIONS
.IP -v|--verbose
Verbose logging.
.IP -vv|--very-verbose
Very verbose logging.

.SH BUGS
No known bugs.

.SH AUTHOR
swsuyj

